README.md, before:

# glTF for UE4

[![glTF status](https://img.shields.io/badge/glTF-2%2E0-green.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glTF)
[![Manual](https://img.shields.io/badge/read-manual-green.svg?style=flat)](https://gltf-for-ue4.readthedocs.io/)
[![Roadmap](https://img.shields.io/badge/visit-roadmap-green.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/code4game/glTFForUE4/milestones)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/code4game/glTFForUE4](https://badges.gitter.im/code4game/glTFForUE4.svg)](https://gitter.im/code4game/glTFForUE4)

> If you are interesting, you can star or fork or post an issue or say something.

## Download

| UE4  | Plugin | Download |
|:----:|:--------|:--------|
| 4.26 | 2.0.4 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.25 | 2.0.4 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.24 | 2.0.4 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.23 | 2.0.1 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.22 | 1.2.3 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.21 | 1.2.3 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.20 | 1.2.3 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.19 | 1.2.3 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.18 | 1.2.2 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.17 | 1.2.2 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.16 | 1.2.2 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.15 | 1.2.2 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |

> Now, I just maintenance the latest three versions of Unreal Engine.
> It should available for UE4.10~23, you can compile the source code.
> 
> If you get the message `batch response: This repository is over its data quota. Account responsible for LFS bandwidth should purchase more data packs to restore access.`
> when you clone or pull from [github](https://github.com/code4game/glTFForUE4),
> you can pull the project from [gitlab](https://gitlab.com/c4g/gltf/glTFForUE4).
> *I don't have enough money to buy LFS bandwidth. :sob:. The LFS is excellent, but its free bandwidth is too small for an open-source project.*
>
> [![itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-itch%2Eio-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) [![opencollective.com](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-collective%2Ecom-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://opencollective.com/gltfforue4#section-contribute)

## License

[![The MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/code4game/glTFForUE4/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

update the libgltf and supports the morph target for static mesh

README.md, after:

# glTF for UE4

[![glTF status](https://img.shields.io/badge/glTF-2%2E0-green.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glTF)
[![Manual](https://img.shields.io/badge/read-manual-green.svg?style=flat)](https://gltf-for-ue4.readthedocs.io/)
[![Roadmap](https://img.shields.io/badge/visit-roadmap-green.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/code4game/glTFForUE4/milestones)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/code4game/glTFForUE4](https://badges.gitter.im/code4game/glTFForUE4.svg)](https://gitter.im/code4game/glTFForUE4)

> If you are interesting, you can star or fork or post an issue or say something.
>
> Use [libgltf](https://github.com/code4game/libgltf) to parse the glTF 2.0 file.


## Download

| UE4  | Plugin | Download |
|:----:|:--------|:--------|
| 4.26 | 2.0.4 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.25 | 2.0.4 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.24 | 2.0.4 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.23 | 2.0.1 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.22 | 1.2.3 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.21 | 1.2.3 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.20 | 1.2.3 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.19 | 1.2.3 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.18 | 1.2.2 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.17 | 1.2.2 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.16 | 1.2.2 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |
| 4.15 | 1.2.2 Win/Mac | [![Download from itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-itch%2Eio-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) |

> Now, I just maintenance the latest three versions of Unreal Engine.
> It should available for UE4.10~23, you can compile it by yourself.
> 
> If you get the message `batch response: This repository is over its data quota. Account responsible for LFS bandwidth should purchase more data packs to restore access.`
> when you clone or pull from [github](https://github.com/code4game/glTFForUE4),
> you can pull the project from [gitlab](https://gitlab.com/c4g/gltf/glTFForUE4).
> *I don't have enough money to buy LFS bandwidth. :sob:. The LFS is excellent, but its free bandwidth is too small for an open-source project.*
>
> [![itch.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-itch%2Eio-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://c4gio.itch.io/gltf-for-ue4) [![opencollective.com](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-collective%2Ecom-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://opencollective.com/gltfforue4#section-contribute)

## License

[![The MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/code4game/glTFForUE4/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
